<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en"  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
<title>Robbins Essential Pathology</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../Style/Elsevier_eBook.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="only screen" href="../../Style/media.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<section role="doc-preface" epub:type="preface">
<a id="pre00001"/>
<div id="CN"/>
<h1 class="fmtitle" epub:type="title" id="B9780323640251050016">Preface</h1>
<div class="para_fl" id="p0010">We are pleased to present a new member of the Robbins family connected to the roots.</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0015">In the preface of the first edition of <span class="italic">Textbook of Pathology–With Clinical Applications</span> (published in 1957), Stanley Robbins laid down the guiding principles of his new book: <span class="italic">“the subject matter is to be presented in a logical, concise, readable fashion, devoid of distracting detail and with considerable emphasis on relating pathology to clinical medicine.”</span> While these time-honored fundamentals have remained embedded in medical education, two major changes have had an impact on how the discipline is taught now and how students learn it. First, in most medical schools, the basic and clinical sciences are taught in an integrated, organ system-based curriculum that blends basic principles with clinical relevance. Second, because of early clinical exposure, the time devoted to pathology (and other basic sciences) has progressively decreased. <span class="italic">Robbins Essential Pathology</span> is intended to satisfy the needs of today’s medical students by distilling basic concepts of pathogenesis and morphology and providing clinical vignettes to highlight the relevance of pathology to the understanding of disease. To meet these goals, this new addition to the Robbins family consists of three integrated components:</div>
<div>
<ol class="ce_list" id="ulist0010">
<li class="bulllist" id="p0020">
<a id="u0010"/>• Nineteen text chapters in which the subject matter is presented in <span class="italic">“logical, concise, readable fashion, devoid of distracting details.”</span> Core material is distilled to the information essential for every medical student, with an emphasis on mechanisms of disease.</li>
<li class="bulllist" id="p0025">
<a id="u0015"/>• Each chapter is associated with five to six clinical cases that relate <span class="italic">“pathology to clinical medicine.”</span> Cases highlight the scientific foundation of the practice of medicine and underscore the clinical relevance of pathogenic mechanisms. Clinical-pathologic correlations have always been the strength of the Robbins’ family of books, and this core philosophy is woven into the fabric of <span class="italic">Robbins Essential Pathology.</span>
</li>
<li class="bulllist" id="p0030">
<a id="u0020"/>• More than 600 USMLE-style, multiple-choice questions are available to reinforce important concepts in the chapters and cases and to aid in board preparation. We hope that the organ system-based cases, linked to both the text and the questions, will facilitate an organic assimilation of critical information necessary for integrated curricula.</li>
</ol>
</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0035">An all-electronic format enables interactive integration of text, cases and questions to promote active learning. The cases challenge the student to apply what has been learned from text and classwork. In effect, these are tutorials that allow students to learn at their own pace at a time and place of their choosing. Hot-spotting of gross and histologic features brings an expert pathologist to the student’s side. Such interactivity is possible only in an electronic format. In addition, an extensive library of images (Supplemental eFigures) from the Robbins photo collection facilitates visual learning styles and augments the key images in the text.</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0040">Although the text is available in print form, the cases, questions, and expanded image collection are offered only in the interactive electronic form. We strongly encourage the readers to take advantage of the three components of <span class="italic">Essential Pathology</span>.</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0045">We hope that we have succeeded in providing a book that has adapted to the modern teaching of pathology. We welcome, and indeed appreciate, comments and feedback from students and their instructors. Partnership between authors and the readers is essential for excellence in education.</div>
<address>
<div class="fmauthor" id="augrp0010">Vinay Kumar, Abul K. Abbas, Jon C. Aster, and Andrea T. Deyrup</div>
</address>
</section>
<script src="../../widgets/common_assets/scripts/common.js"></script>
</body>

</html>