<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="EN" xml:lang="en"  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
<title>Robbins Essential Pathology</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../Style/Elsevier_eBook.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="only screen" href="../../Style/media.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<section role="doc-acknowledgments" epub:type="acknowledgments">
<a id="ack00001"/>
<div id="CN"/>
<h1 class="fmtitle" epub:type="title" id="B978032364025104001X">Acknowledgments</h1>
<div class="para_fl" id="p0010">Writing a new book is a significant effort. We have undertaken this task in response to numerous colleagues who asked for a short, clinically oriented textbook for integrated curricula in which pathology is not a standalone course</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0015">Several individuals provided us the impetus to develop this book. They are too numerous to mention individually but principal among them are Dr. Raga Ramachandran, UCSF, and Dr. Scott Lovitch, BWH. Jim Merritt, our editor at Elsevier, championed this book so that it could see the light of the day.</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0020">We are grateful to those who advised us on the content of individual chapters. They include Dr. Tony Chang, University of Chicago (kidney), Dr. Ryan Gill, UCSF (liver), and Dr. Marta Margeta, UCSF (nervous system). Several individuals at Duke University School of Medicine advised in the development of the clinical cases. They include Dr. Anna Lisa Crowley (cardiac), Dr. E. Wayne Massey (neurology), and Dr. John K. Roberts (kidney). Many of our colleagues provided us with images from their collections. These gems have been acknowledged where the images have been used in the book.</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0025">Some of the multiple-choice questions were originally published in <span class="italic">Robbins Review of Pathology</span> by Vinay Kumar and Ed Klatt, whom we wish to acknowledge.</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0030">The book developed as we wrote it from content to design. Several people at Elsevier worked tirelessly and patiently with us on the production of this text. Special mention should be made of Executive Content Strategist Jim Merritt; Director, Content Development Rebecca Gruliow; Senior Project Manager Kate Mannix; Designer Brian Salisbury; and Senior Manager Ebooks and Clinical Key Paul Dever.</div>
<div class="para_indented" id="p0035">Last but not least, we owe a deep debt of gratitude to our families: Raminder Kumar, Ann Abbas, Erin Malone, and Tony Williamson. Without their unwavering support, we could not have added one more book to the several with which we are already involved. Andrea T. Deyrup wishes to acknowledge the enduring mentorship and support of the late Dr Tony Montag (1954–2018). Finally, we wish to acknowledge each other for complementing and indeed enhancing our individual contributions.</div>
<address>
<div class="fmauthor" id="augrp0010">Vinay Kumar</div>
<div class="fmauthor" id="augrp0015">Abul K. Abbas</div>
<div class="fmauthor" id="augrp0020">Jon C. Aster</div>
<div class="fmauthor" id="augrp0025">Andrea T. Deyrup</div>
</address>
</section>
<script src="../../widgets/common_assets/scripts/common.js"></script>
</body>

</html>